[docs] Drop Conan 1.x from CCI documentation (#25875)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/adding_packages/dependencies.md

<!-- toc -->
## Contents

  * [List Dependencies](#list-dependencies)
    * [Optional Requirements](#optional-requirements)
    * [Build Requirements](#build-requirements)
  * [Accessing Dependencies](#accessing-dependencies)
    * [Handling Requirement's Options](#handling-requirements-options)
    * [Verifying Dependency's Version](#verifying-dependencys-version)
    * [Passing Requirement's info to `build()`](#passing-requirements-info-to-build)
    * [Overriding the provided properties from the consumer](#overriding-the-provided-properties-from-the-consumer)
  * [Handling Requirement's Options](#handling-requirements-options)
  * [Adherence to Build Service](#adherence-to-build-service)
    * [Version Ranges](#version-ranges)
      * [Adding Version Ranges](#adding-version-ranges)
    * [Adding Version Ranges](#adding-version-ranges)
  * [Handling "internal" dependencies](#handling-internal-dependencies)<!-- endToc -->

> ## List Dependencies

Author: Requirements and logic involving it is well covered by Conan docs:

- https://docs.conan.io/2/tutorial/creating_packages/add_dependencies_to_packages.html
- https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/conanfile/methods/requirements.html

When a project supports a range of version of a dependency, it's generally advised to pick the **most recent available in ConanCenter**.
This helps ensure there are fewer conflicts with other, up to-date, recipes that share the same requirement.

### Optional Requirements

Many projects support enabling certain features by adding dependencies. In ConanCenterIndex this is done by adding an option, see
[naming recommendation](conanfile_attributes.md#recommended-names), which should be set to match the upstream project's by default.

```py
class ExampleConan(ConanFile):
    options = {
        "with_zlib": [True, False], # Possible values
    }
    default_options = {
        "with_zlib": True, # Should match upstream's CMakeLists.txt `option(...)`
    }

    def requirements(self):
        if self.options.with_zlib:
            self.requires("zlib/1.2.13")
```

If a dependency was added (or removed) with a release, then the `if` condition could check [`self.version`](https://docs.conan.io/1/reference/conanfile/attributes.html#version). Another common case is
`self.settings.os` dependant requirements which need to be added for certain plaforms.

> ### Build Requirements

Author: Tool requirements is well covered by Conan docs:

- https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/conanfile/methods/build_requirements.html
- https://docs.conan.io/2/examples/graph/tool_requires/using_protobuf.html#examples-graph-tool-requires-protobuf
-

          raise ConanInvalidConfiguration(f"{self.ref} requires foobar/*:enable_feature=True.")
```

## Adherence to Build Service

It's very rare we layout "rules", most often it's guidelines, however in order to ensure graph and the package generated are usable
for consumer, we do impose some limits on Conan features to provide a smoother first taste to using Conan.

> **Note**: These are very specific to the ConanCenter being the default remote and may not be relevant to your specifc use case.

> * [Version ranges](https://docs.conan.io/2/tutorial/versioning/version_ranges.html#range-expressions) are generally not allowed (see below for exemption).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Version ranges](https://docs.conan.io/2/tutorial/versioning/version_ranges.html#range-expressions) are generally not allowed ([see below](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/docs/adding_packages/dependencies.md#version-ranges) for exemptions).
```
